Feedback for krazydad's interactive slitherlink

- cool to see it! I wanted something like that, even took a start at it,
but never got it off the ground.

- thank you for including Rhombille grid - I enjoy those. Particularly the kind with
  mixed parity.
  Check spelling of "Rhombile".
  

- What's the intended way for a user to navigate to the different types and sizes of puzzles? I followed the link at ___, which got me to a small Penrose puzzle, but only got
to the larger ones by guessing at the URL patterns (sm -> lg). I don't know how to get to a Cairo, rhomboid or other style of puzzle.
  Aha! The magnifying glass lets you do this. I assumed that meant "search" or
  "zoom". (Also, the blog post says "If the size isn’t right, click the ? icon and choose a different size", which is incorrect.)

- Red lines when you make a mistake ... these are nice, but they can spoil it.
  Is this intentional? Oh, this is what "Auto-check answers" means. I thought that
  meant auto-check the final answer, telling you when you're done with the puzzle.
  Maybe it could be labeled "Auto-check each line"?

- An undo button please! Including, undo implied auto-Xing

- I would love to be able to mark "either this edge or that one". E.g. a little
  arc between two adjacent edges. This is an intermediate notation that enables much
  more flexible inferences about adjacent 2's, 3's, 1's, and so on.
  For UI, it's harder to do well because it requires more precise aiming, to
  distinguish edge from face-coloring from arc. 
  But since you're already using modes for x and /, you could do the same for ).

- modeless marking: I read somewhere that the interactive slitherlink
  is designed for tablets. I respect that. However as a keyboard user, I love
  the UI, and would love it even more if there were a couple of keyboard-oriented
  improvements. One of those is that frequent switching between x and / mode is a bit
  annoying. A couple of alternatives:
     1) Tap/click cycles between x, /, and blank. Some online slitherlink apps do that.
        And it requires no keyboard.
     2) Long tap, or shift-click, could be /, and regular tap/click could be x
        This is compatible with touch or keyboard.
     3) With shift+click for /, and regular tap/click for x,
        you could add ctrl+click or cmd+click for ). Don't know what you'd do for
        that on touch screens.
        
        Oh... just found out you already have shift-click, as explained on the blog
        post http://krazydad.com/blog/2015/01/10/interactive-puzzles-are-here/
        Would be good to have some kind of link to this info from the puzzle page itself.
        
