Ideas for puzzle generation algorithm:

Here are some thoughts for a fun strategy.
A. Create a region of red faces and one of blue faces.
  1. Pick two random (not necessarily uncolored) faces. Color one red, and the other blue.
    Keep count of how many faces are red and blue, accounting for colors being overwritten.
  2. Repeat #1 until all of the faces are colored. (Maybe do the last few not by picking random faces,
  but by iterating over faces and coloring uncolored faces.)
  3. Pick a blue face at random and call that your initial blue region. Check whether it's connected to all other blue faces.
  If not, grow your blue region by coloring an adjacent red face blue. Repeat #3 until all blue
  faces are connected.
  4. Do likewise with red faces until they are all connected.
  5. Repeat #3 and #4 until both red and blue regions are all connected, without changes.
  5.5. Try not to let the number of red faces or blue faces fall below a certain threshold.
    If they do, sprinkle more red or blue paint and repeat #3 and #4.
  6. Fill in every edge that is between red and blue faces. Now we have a loop (solution).
  7. Optional: check how many faces we have that have zero edges filled. A high percentage
    would indicate a "boring" puzzle. Even worse: zero-edge-filled faces surrounded by other
    zero-edge-filled faces. In a case like that, just change the color of that face and go
    back to step 3.
B. Generate clues
  1. Pick a random face. Give it a clue corresponding to the number of adjacent filled edges.
  2. Repeat #1 for a certain percentage of the faces (adjustable heuristic).
  3. Attempt to solve the puzzle using the clues:
      a. If there is no solution, remove one of the clues and try again. But this should never
        happen, because the clues are based on an actual, valid solution.
      b. If there are multiple solutions, add a new clue and try again. We could even do
        a binary search to find the best number of clues: Maintain a min and max number
        of clues from previous tries. Zero in until we find clues that give a unique solution.
      c. If there is only one solution, we have a successful puzzle; record it.
        To make an easier puzzle (adjustable difficulty level), we could add more clues.
      d. If our attempts exceed a preset limit, give up on this solution and start over with A.
